Create Blog Post “build-a-chatbot-therapist-with-vonage-ai-studio-and-openai-part-i” (#2492)
Nexmo/deved-platform: content/blog/en/build-a-chatbot-therapist-with-vonage-ai-studio-and-openai-part-i.md

* [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) - A free account is required. This tool enables developers to expose a local development server to the Internet.
* [Python](https://www.python.org/) - I’m currently using version 3.11.1 for this article.
* [Pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/) is installed - Double-check that you can run pip from your terminal or command prompt.

### Step 1: Create the Server and Integrate OpenAI API

We’ll need to create a server application that AI Studio will call out to once the user types the "therapist." We’ll use a short Python script to start a server on port 9000 using our OpenAI credentials. Please note that I'm using Python, but you can create the same using your language of choice.

```python
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import os
from pickle import TRUE
from urllib import response
import openai
from PIL import Image
from flask import Flask, request, jsonify, render_template, Response, redirect
from flask_login import LoginManager, UserMixin, login_required, login_user

application = Flask(__name__)

app = application

> openai_key = 'YOUR_API_KEY'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This needs to be modified with your secret key from the OpenAI platform
openai_key = 'YOUR_API_KEY'
```

> openai_key = 'YOUR_API_KEY'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
openai_key = 'YOUR_API_KEY'
openai.api_key = openai_key
```

---
title: Build a ChatBot with Vonage AI Studio and OpenAI
description: This blog covers the history of chatbots and shows
  how to build your own.
author: diana-pham-1
published: true
published_at: 2023-06-19T19:51:49.759Z
updated_at: 2023-06-19T19:51:49.781Z
category: tutorial
tags:
  - ai-studio
  - chatbot
comments: true
spotlight: false
redirect: ""
canonical: ""
outdated: false
replacement_url: ""
---
- - -

> **DISCLAIMER**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> The content presented by this chatbot is intended solely for educational use. It is NOT a substitute for professional medical advice. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

* [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) - A free account is required. This tool enables developers to expose a local development server to the Internet.
* [Python](https://www.python.org/) - I’m currently using version 3.11.1 for this article.
* [Pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/) is installed - Double-check that you can run pip from your terminal or command prompt.

### Step 1: Create the Server and Integrate OpenAI API

We’ll need to create a server application that AI Studio will call out to once the user types the "therapist." We’ll use a short Python script to start a server on port 9000 using our OpenAI credentials. Please note that I'm using Python, but you can create the same using your language of choice.

```python
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import os
from pickle import TRUE
from urllib import response
import openai
from PIL import Image
from flask import Flask, request, jsonify, render_template, Response, redirect
from flask_login import LoginManager, UserMixin, login_required, login_user

application = Flask(__name__)

app = application

> # This needs to be modified with your secret key from the OpenAI platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 'YOUR_API_KEY' needs to be modified with your secret key from the OpenAI platform
```

openai_key = 'YOUR_API_KEY'

> openai.api_key = 'OPENAI_KEY'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> openai.api_key = 'OPENAI_KEY'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---

> title: Build a ChatBot Therapist with Vonage AI Studio and OpenAI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Build a ChatBot with Vonage AI Studio and OpenAI
```

> description: This blog covers the history of chatbot therapists and introduces

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: This blog covers the history of chatbots and introduces
```

  how to build your own.
author: diana-pham-1
published: true
published_at: 2023-06-19T19:51:49.759Z
updated_at: 2023-06-19T19:51:49.781Z
category: tutorial
tags:
  - ai-studio
  - chatbot
comments: true
spotlight: false
redirect: ""
canonical: ""
outdated: false
replacement_url: ""
---
- - -

**DISCLAIMER**:

> The content presented by this chatbot is intended solely for educational use. Is is NOT a substitute for professional therapy or advice. If you need therapeutic support, please consult a trained professional to ensure proper care and assistance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The content presented by this chatbot is intended solely for educational use. It is NOT a substitute for professional medical advice. 
```

- - -

> ## Hotdogs or Healthcare?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Introduction - Hotdogs or Healthcare?
```

> The mental health care system in the U.S. is, to put it mildly, not great. The challenge is that getting access to therapy is like finding a needle in a haystack. A striking statistic reveals that six out of ten psychologists report they are not accepting new patients, showing a concerning gap in access to service. There are only about 30 psychologists for every 100,000 people. To put this into perspective, Ohio State stadium, with a capacity almost equivalent to this population. That's like saying for everyone jam-packed in the stadium, there are likely more people selling you popcorn and hot dogs than there are psychologists available to help treat you. So what do we do? Well, one creative solution is chatbot therapists. Chatbot therapists are conversational AI-powered bot designed to help mental health patients. They are interactive software platforms designed to simulate human conversation, offering therapeutic interactions, predominantly through text-based channels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The mental health care system in the U.S. is, to put it mildly, not great. The challenge is that getting access to therapy is like finding a needle in a haystack. A striking statistic reveals that six out of ten psychologists report they are not accepting new patients, showing a concerning gap in access to service. There are only about 30 psychologists for every 100,000 people. To put this into perspective, Ohio State stadium, with a capacity almost equivalent to this population. That's like saying for everyone jam-packed in the stadium, there are likely more people selling you popcorn and hot dogs than there are psychologists available to help treat you. So what do we do? Well, one creative solution is to use a chatbot. Chatbots "Therapists" are conversational AI bots designed to help mental health patients. They are interactive software platforms designed to simulate human conversation, offering therapeutic interactions, predominantly through text-based channels.
```

> ## History of Chatbot Therapists

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## History of Chatbot "Therapists"
```

> Now, chatbot therapists have a bit of history. ELIZA was one of the first, built to show superficial computer-to-human interactions. ALICE came along to up the game as an improved version. However, it was Mitsuku that really showed us how a chatbot could lend an 'ear'. These innovative technologies have each played a significant role in evolving the conversation (pun intended) around digital mental health solutions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, chatbots have a bit of history. [ELIZA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ELIZA) was one of the first, built to show superficial computer-to-human interactions. [ALICE ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_Linguistic_Internet_Computer_Entity) came along to up the game as an improved version. However, it was [Mitsuku ](https://steemit.com/steemhunt/@juecoree/mitsuku-the-world-s-best-conversational-chatbot) that really showed us how a chatbot could lend an 'ear'. These innovative technologies have each played a significant role in evolving the conversation (pun intended) around digital assistant solutions.
```

> Nowadays, OpenAI's ChatGPT is stepping up, not just chatting, but offering a little therapy as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> Despite these developments, there remains ethical concerns surrounding the reliance on chatbot therapists. The current technology is far from perfect and there is still the potential for misuse, with prompts potentially steering the bot to produce undesirable or even harmful responses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Despite these developments, there remains ethical concerns surrounding the reliance on chatbot "therapists". The current technology is far from perfect and there is still the potential for misuse, with prompts potentially steering the bot to produce undesirable or even harmful responses.
```

> On the bright side, some pretty cool results came from using ChatGPT as a therapist. Take Michelle Huang, who fed her teenage diary entries from age 7 to 18 into ChatGPT, basically creating a digital version of her old self. It was like she was talking to her younger self and got some real closure about her past. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the bright side, some incredible results came from using ChatGPT as a therapist. Take Michelle Huang, who fed her teenage diary entries from age 7 to 18 into ChatGPT, creating a digital version of her old self. It was like she was talking to her younger self and got some natural closure about her past. 
```

## Let's Build Our Bot!

And here's where it gets exciting–we're now at a point where we can use tools like [Vonage AI Studio](https://studio.docs.ai.vonage.com/) and [OpenAI](https://openai.com/) to create our own chatbot therapists! This could be a game-changer for making mental health care more approachable and cutting-edge, as long as we remember to use it cautiously.

> Vonage AI Studio is like a handy toolbox for creating intricate conversational flows, and the best part is you don't need to be a coder to use it. It's a low-code or even no-code solution that works using a simple drag-and-drop method. We're going to be pairing AI Studio with OpenAI's API for its ability to comprehend and create natural language.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Vonage AI Studio is like a handy toolbox for creating intricate conversational flows, and the best part is you don't need to be a coder to use it. It's a low-code or no-code solution using a simple drag-and-drop method. We will pair AI Studio with OpenAI's API for its ability to comprehend and create natural language.
```

> However, it's crucial to emphasize that this bot is purely for educational purposes and does NOT serve as a substitute for professional therapy, and any information or guidance provided should not be considered as professional advice. If you require therapeutic assistance, we strongly encourage you to seek the help of a trained professional for any therapeutic concerns to ensure your well-being and receive appropriate support.

Reviewer 2: **However, it's crucial to emphasize that this bot is purely for educational purposes and does NOT serve as a substitute for professional therapy. Any information or guidance provided should not be considered professional advice. If you require therapeutic assistance, we strongly encourage you to seek the help of a trained professional for any therapeutic concerns to ensure your well-being and receive appropriate support.**

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following:

* A [Vonage Developer Account](https://developer.vonage.com/sign-up) - If you don't have one, you can create one, and we'll give you free credit to play around with our APIs.

> * An [OpenAI Account](https://openai.com/product) and an [API Key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) are free. However, using the OpenAI API is no longer free, so you will need to pay for usage in order to get a reply. * Click “Create new secret key” and store the information somewhere safe since we'll need it later. See example below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An [OpenAI Account](https://openai.com/product) and an [API Key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) are free. However, using the OpenAI API is no longer free, so you must pay for usage to get a reply. 
```

* [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) - A free account is required. This tool enables developers to expose a local development server to the Internet.
* [Python](https://www.python.org/) - I’m currently using version 3.11.1 for this article.
* [Pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/) is installed - Double-check that you can run pip from your terminal or command prompt.

### Step 1: Create the Server and Integrate OpenAI API

> We’ll need to create a server application that AI Studio will call out to once the user types to the "therapist." To do so, we’ll use a short Python script to start a server on port 9000 using our OpenAI credentials. Please note that I'm using Python, but you can create the same using your language of choice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We’ll need to create a server application that AI Studio will call out to once the user types the "therapist." We’ll use a short Python script to start a server on port 9000 using our OpenAI credentials. Please note that I'm using Python, but you can create the same using your language of choice.
```

```python
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import os
from pickle import TRUE
from urllib import response
import openai
from PIL import Image
from flask import Flask, request, jsonify, render_template, Response, redirect
from flask_login import LoginManager, UserMixin, login_required, login_user

application = Flask(__name__)

app = application

openai_key = 'YOUR_API_KEY'

> openai.api_key = 'OPENAI_KEY'

Reviewer 2: We should mention somewhere how to get these keys and callout that these line items need to be modified to work.

@app.route("/webhook", methods=["POST"])
def webhook():
    input = request.headers.get('input')

    # You must give OpenAI a prompt to ask as a mental health therapist
    prompt = f"As an empathetic and understanding mental health therapist, how would you respond to the following message: '{input}. Try to include open-ended questions to encourage further conversation."
    model_engine = "text-davinci-003"
    completions = openai.Completion.create(engine=model_engine, prompt=prompt, max_tokens=1024, n=1,
                                               stop=None,
                                               temperature=0.4)
    messages=[
        {"role": "system", "content": "You are a helpful assistant."},
        {"role": "user",
         "content": input},
    ]

    # Get the response text
    response = completions.choices[0].text
    return {'res': response.strip()}
if __name__ == '__main__':

>     app.run(port=9000, host='0.0.0.0', debug=True)  # run app in debug mode on port 5000 (edited)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    app.run(port=9000, host='0.0.0.0', debug=True)  # run app in debug mode on port 9000
```

```

> We made a few tweaks that could potentially improve the model's responses:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's examine the parameters that we pass through: 
```

Remember, this is just a starting point. It's crucial to continuously monitor and adjust these parameters based on the actual performance of the chatbot in production, to ensure the best possible user experience. It's also important to ensure your bot responds in a manner that is safe and appropriate, given the sensitivity of mental health discussions.

Once your application is up and running, you'll get a deployment URL. For example, mine is http://10.0.0.190:9000/. Now, to give AI Studio the ability to call this URL, we'll use [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/).

### Step 2: Run ngrok

ngrok is a cross-platform application that allows developers to easily expose a local development server to the Internet. We'll be using it to expose our service to the Internet. If this is your first time using ngrok, a [blog](https://developer.vonage.com/en/blog/using-ngrok-in-rails-in-2022#join-the-conversation) post explains it in more detail. Once you have ngrok setup and are logged in, run the following command in your terminal:

```
ngrok http 9000
```

After ngrok runs, it will give you a Forwarding URL that we'll use as the base for our Webhooks later in the article. Mine looks like this:

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> ![ngrok.png](/content/blog/build-a-chatbot-therapist-with-vonage-ai-studio-and-openai-part-i/ngrok.png "Ngrok Forwarding")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![ngrok.png](/content/blog/build-a-chatbot-therapist-with-vonage-ai-studio-and-openai-part-i/ngrok.png "ngrok forwarding")
```

Fill in all the required details:

* **Region**: Where will your Agent be typically used - The USA or in Europe
* **Agent Name**: Give your Agent a unique name that is meaningful to you.
* **Language**: Select the language of your Agent.
* **Voices**: Select any voice (I’m using Matthew).
* **Time Zone**: Choose the time zone where your Agent will operate.

For templates, we are going to **Start from Scratch**.

For event, this will be an **Inbound Call** because we are the ones calling our agent.

### Step 4: Define the Conversational Flow

Now comes the fun part! With Vonage AI Studio's easy-to-use interface, you can design your chatbot's conversational flow. It's a drag-and-drop setup, meaning you don't need coding skills to get going. You can add different dialog nodes and define responses.

Ours should look like this:

![flow.png](/content/blog/build-a-chatbot-therapist-with-vonage-ai-studio-and-openai-part-i/flow.png "Conversation Flow")

> * 2 Parameters to store the value that the user enters and the response that OpenAI responds with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We added: 
* 2 Parameters to store the value that the user enters and the response that OpenAI responds with.
```

    * URL - Should look like the following but substitute my ngrok URL with your own  <https://db20-2601-600-9580-d650-cfa-951f-cdef-d1d5.ngrok.io/webhook>

    - - -

    **NOTE**
    Make sure you copy the Forwarding URL from your terminal where you ran ngrok and add /webhook to the end of it.

    - - -
  * Headers:

    * HTTP Header - INPUT and Value is $INPUT
  * Response Mapping:

    * Object Path - res
    * Value is $AGENT_RES
* **Speak Node** - To output the results from OpenAI.

  * Text - Your answer is: $AGENT_RES
* **End Call Node** - To end the conversation once the conversation flow has completed.

### Step 6: Run the Application

Let's run the application by pressing the **Tester** button at the top right-hand corner of the screen and see what type of output we get. To begin, we see the welcome message.

Here are some examples of things you can say:
    1. I've been feeling really overwhelmed with work lately.
    2. I'm going through a breakup and I don't know how to cope.
    3. I've been feeling a lot of anxiety about the future recently.
    4. I don't have anyone to talk to about my feelings.
    5. I'm feeling down and I don't really know why.

> Below is an example conversation I had with our chatbot therapist. Keep in mind that in our conversation flow, we put an End Call Node right after we receive our output in the Speak Node. Normally, a therapist wouldn't just hang up on you after responding to your message–that'd be a horrible therapist! If we wanted to, we can modify our flow to continue back-and-forth conversations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is an example conversation I had with our chatbot "therapist". Keep in mind that in our conversation flow, we put an End Call Node right after we receive our output in the Speak Node. Normally, a therapist wouldn't just hang up on you after responding to your message–that'd be a horrible therapist! If we wanted to, we can modify our flow to continue back-and-forth conversations.
```

![test-chat.png](/content/blog/build-a-chatbot-therapist-with-vonage-ai-studio-and-openai-part-i/test-chat.png "Tester Conversation")

> And voilà, you've built your very own chatbot therapist! Remember, the power of AI holds enormous potential, but it's up to us to use it responsibly. With these tools at our disposal, we are well on your way to making mental health care more accessible and innovative.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And voilà, you've built your very own chatbot! Remember, the power of AI holds enormous potential, but it's up to us to use it responsibly. With these tools at our disposal, we are well on our way to making mental health care more accessible and innovative.
```

### Eliza

ELIZA, created in 1966, was the brainchild of Joseph Weizenbaum. She was the first real attempt to outsmart the Turing test, aiming to show just how similar computer-to-human interactions could seem. ELIZA used different scripts (like acting as a "doctor") and pattern matching to keep the conversation going. This involved searching sentences for keywords (like "hamster") and assigning values to these words to craft a response. For example, with words like "hamster" she may follow up asking about your pets. This is now known as the 'ELIZA Effect', where we unconsciously believe that a computer's behaviors are just like our own.

As expected, ELIZA had her shortcomings. She didn't really understand the words she was processing; she simply reflected the user's input back as a question. Plus, her memory was short-lived and she lacked understanding of the broader world (like asking "is your hamster still dead?" because she doesn't know that once something is dead, they stay dead).

Here's an example of a conversation with ELIZA:

> [IMAGE]

Reviewer 3: No image provided

### ALICE

Fast forward to 2001, and along comes ALICE (Artificial Linguistic Internet Computer Entity). Richard Wallace had been tinkering on ALICE since 1995, and eventually wrote her in Java in 1998. ALICE built upon what ELIZA had started, and even won the Loebner Prize three times for being the most human-like bot. What made ALICE easier to build was her use of simple patterns and templates to represent inputs and outputs, a method called input partitioning.

> ### Mitsuku (now Kuki)

Reviewer 3: Optional: I am a big fan of Steve's work, and it is worth mentioning Mitsuku is a 4-time winner of the Loebner Prize. His work is a fine art that inspires folks around the world; I got to know it when I was in university, and it was revolutionary for me. He spent more than a decade of his life fine-tuning and making it the amazing chatbot it is, it even has online sessions on youtube where you can ask questions in real-time!!!

Then, there's Mitsuku, the creation of Steve Worswick. Her goal was to be a 24/7 virtual friend. Mitsuku won the AI Loebner Prize five times, showing off her ability to reason with specific objects. She's built on a supervised learning model, which means developers can fine-tune the rules to make her interactions feel more human. However, she still had her issues as seen in the conversation below.

> [image]

Reviewer 3: No image provided

Stay tuned for Part 2, where we'll dig into how we can use tools like Vonage AI Studio and the OpenAI API to build our own chatbot therapists, and why it matters in the landscape of mental health care.

## References and Resources

- [Vonage AI Studio Documentation](https://studio.docs.ai.vonage.com/)
- [OpenAI Documentation](https://platform.openai.com/docs/)
- [Investing in a Diverse Mental Health Workforce Is Critical in This Moment](https://healthcity.bmc.org/policy-and-industry/investing-diverse-mental-health-workforce-critical-moment#:~:text=According%20to%20a%202020%20report,even%20lower%20in%20rural%20communities.)
- [The ELIZA Effect](https://99percentinvisible.org/episode/the-eliza-effect/)
- [ALICE chatbot: Trials and outputs](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/289684788_ALICE_chatbot_Trials_and_outputs)
- [Try Kuki (Mitsuku)](https://www.kuki.ai/)
- [History of Chatbots](https://www.codecademy.com/article/history-of-chatbots)
- [Twitter Thread by Michelle Huang](https://twitter.com/michellehuang42/status/1597005489413713921?lang=en)

## Stay in Touch

> If you have questions or feedback, join us on the  [Vonage Developer Slack](https://developer.vonage.com/community/slack)  or send me a Tweet on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/dianasoyster). Thanks again for reading, and I will catch you on the next one!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you have questions or feedback, join us on the [Vonage Developer Slack](https://developer.vonage.com/community/slack) or send me a Tweet on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/dianasoyster). Thanks again for reading, and I will catch you on the next one!
```

---
title: Build a ChatBot Therapist with Vonage AI Studio and OpenAI (Part I)
description: This blog covers the history of chatbot therapists and introduces
  how to build your own.
author: diana-pham-1
published: true
published_at: 2023-06-19T19:51:49.759Z
updated_at: 2023-06-19T19:51:49.781Z

> category: tutorial

Reviewer 3: This written blog post is not a tutorial. Nothing is being taught here.

tags:
  - ai-studio
  - chatbot
comments: true
spotlight: false
redirect: ""
canonical: ""
outdated: false
replacement_url: ""
---
## Hotdogs or Healthcare?

> The mental health care system in the U.S. is, to put it mildly, not great. The challenge is that getting access to therapy is like finding a needle in a haystack. A striking statistic reveals that six out of ten psychologists report they are not accepting new patients, showing a concerning gap in access to service. There are only about 30 psychologists for every 100,000 people. To put this into perspective, Ohio State stadium, with a capacity almost equivalent to this population. That's like saying for everyone jam-packed in the stadium, there are likely more people selling you popcorn and hot dogs than there are psychologists available to help treat you. So what do we do? Well, one creative solution is chatbot therapists. Chatbot therapists are conversational AI-powered bots designed to help mental health patients. They are interactive software platforms designed to simulate human conversation, offering therapeutic interactions, predominantly through text-based channels.

Reviewer 3: Could you please provide the source?

> ## History of Chatbot Therapists

Reviewer 3: Some examples of chatbot therapists are Woebot, Replika. Many of the examples provided below are not chatbot therapists, at least not primarily, and it wouldn't be correct or fair to the creators to say such a thing about their creations.

Now, chatbot therapists have a bit of history. ELIZA was one of the first built to show superficial computer-to-human interactions. ALICE came along to up the game as an improved version. However, it was Misuku that really showed us how a chatbot could lend an 'ear.' These innovative technologies have each significantly evolved the conversation (pun intended) around digital mental health solutions.

> ### Eliza

Reviewer 3: It's written Eliza in the title but ELIZA right below, please keep it consistent.

Stay tuned for Part 2, where we'll dig into how we can use tools like Vonage AI Studio and the OpenAI API to build our own chatbot therapists and why it matters in the landscape of mental health care.

## References and Resources

* [Vonage AI Studio Documentation](https://studio.docs.ai.vonage.com/)
* [OpenAI Documentation](https://platform.openai.com/docs/)
* [Investing in a Diverse Mental Health Workforce Is Critical in This Moment](https://healthcity.bmc.org/policy-and-industry/investing-diverse-mental-health-workforce-critical-moment#:~:text=According%20to%20a%202020%20report,even%20lower%20in%20rural%20communities.)
* [The ELIZA Effect](https://99percentinvisible.org/episode/the-eliza-effect/)
* [ALICE chatbot: Trials and outputs](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/289684788_ALICE_chatbot_Trials_and_outputs)
* [Try Kuki (Mitsuku)](https://www.kuki.ai/)
* [History of Chatbots](https://www.codecademy.com/article/history-of-chatbots)
* [Twitter Thread by Michelle Huang](https://twitter.com/michellehuang42/status/1597005489413713921?lang=en)

## Stay in Touch

> If you have questions or feedback, join us on the  [Vonage Developer Slack](https://developer.vonage.com/community/slack)  or send me a Tweet on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/dianasoyster). Thanks again for reading, and I will catch you on the next one!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you have questions or feedback, join us on the [Vonage Developer Slack](https://developer.vonage.com/community/slack) or send me a Tweet on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/dianasoyster). Thanks again for reading, and I will catch you on the next one!
```
